1. Exercise #1 : Finding defects
As we previously spoke on our last meeting, we identified that a defect can be described also by a severity and a priority. Please give 3 examples each, where:
- priority is high & severity is low
     The informations for a common product
The images used for category icons
The register of an webpage (for e.g. eMag) - if the register will do not work correctly for a limited time, is not a big problem if you can use alternatively the guest option and also buy products and receive a tracking number by e-mail etc.

- priority is low & severity is high
    The copyright paragraph who is located on the down of the webpage. This is not very important as the header, or the informations of the products, but if I write a Copyright that is not associated with something real, or it is associated with the name of another popular webpage who doesn’t want that or doesn’t contribute to the creation or informations who appears on the webpage that can be a very serious problems with law.
    The image of a product
    Search bar for a blog.
    
- both are high
The security of an webpage (like https protocol who offer security during the navigation on the webpage). This is very important and need more attention for every aspects who reffers to it. 
For example, if this protocol https it has no presence on the webpage, the webpage can suffer DDOS attacks or a script like minning script can be added to the page without seeing it.
The image of the header can be a priority for a web designer who want’s to finish a webpage (the first page) fast. Also, this can be a high severity thing because if the image is on low resolution or the image contains unusual or sexual or something else that can be harmfull for the people who wants to navigate on the first page of the website, the image of the creator and also the image of the webpage can’t be repaired very easily. (These problems, can be a very big problem if the police, or FBI, or any authority navigate on the website and see that) 
The title of an webpage can be a priority sometimes for an webdesigner and it also have a high severity level.  
- both are low
Probably, in this category can be included the color of the header (header of an webpage) that can be slightly different from specifications but it is not a problem for a customer or a simple person who want to navigate on the webpage.
     The image of the webpage tab can be a good example of a problem who have a low priority (because no one want this part to be made in time) and also, to be made strictly on specifications. The image of the webpage tab is less important then the webpage itself and the severity it’s also low just like the priority. 
    Another example is the “Buy now” button that appears on some pages in 2019, and if it has a letter wrong like “Buy nov” that can’t be a serious problem. The customers or the future customers will don’t see it clearly because it can be hard sometimes to see the diference between “w” and “v”.
