5. Exercise #5: SDLC & Project Management
Consider you have a small software agency that it's main business is transforming ideas into digital identities. Please come with a solution on how you would do the project discovery phase (gather business knowledge from the client) and translate that to your employees.
Considering the SDLC cycle and the information you have learned in the last presentation, please assign roles and tasks to your team of 5 people. (consider you have 5 employees, you may assign them any roles you desire)

    The thirst step, I think, is to have a client. I have placed this firstly because an agency without clients, or a business without clients will do not have activity, and that can be a serious problems that can degenerates in insolvency etc.
    The second step is to listen carefully and note every aspect that clients wants from us. If we lose even a little detail from requirements, the final software will do not respect the req and also, the clients will do not accept this mistake.
    Every detail in this step needs to be clarified with the clients very carefully, because if the agency will want in future (2 days later for e.g.) to call again the clients and ask for clarifications and explains, the clients (customers) will be very angry sometimes, annoyed and in future, the agency will suffer in relation with them.
    The third step, after creating the notes of what the clients wants from us, is to create a strategy, a plan and also, a deadline for everything, for every stage starting from planning, development, testing etc. This step, needs the entire team (in our case 5 employees), considering that every employee have a distinct role in agency (company) - one is developer, one is a designer, one have responsibility for planning the projects, one is tester and the last employee is a manager that controls the flow of work (I don’t have any idea what role can I give to him).
    After discussing the all aspects and also after the agreement from the entire team, we can start efectively the project / projects.
    System design - is the second step after requirements analysis. At this stage, we can try to design the architecture of the software and in the next step Implementation (Development phase) to build the software (core- the code itself, the script) and also do little tests to be sure that the code runs correctly. The employees will need to colaborate to developer by providing to him the plan for the product that needs to be released, timelines etc. The bugs will appear (is not sure for now) just after applying the test scenarios (tests that will be applied to the software in fourth phase - Testing).
    At testing phase, the testers, will create scenarios based on the type of software, app, etc., and will apply these tests scenarios to the software, app, first considering that on this software, app, etc. can’t be applied all the tests (it requires time, efforts and also it’s a source of frustration to apply sometimes a tests that in essence reveal the same bugs as before). 
    At Deployment and Mantainance phases, the product is delivered to the customer and also, the product will be accompanied by a tutorial (sometimes) or a book that explain the instructions (same as the tutorial). The mantainance of the product differ from product to product and it depends on what product is released, the investments on creating the product and other factors. It’s important to know that in this phase, the developers and testers (I think), will mantain the product functions at normal levels and also, the bugs that will appear during the use, will be resolved by future updates applied to the product.
